last decades representatives
official authorities
united states of america steel
pattern of incompetence stupidity
cruelty and aggressiveness of the usa are
instigators are not a warrior around the world
present due to united states
America , the threat of a real
use of nuclear weapons in the near
east
Meanwhile , US President Barrack Obama
openly calls Russia nuclear by the way
power
the enemy and the main threat to the united
US state of America backed by
its population fools
propaganda spin the flywheel
cold war we think that the us
poses a threat to everything
civilized world to all mankind
this country is rapidly deteriorating and
can no longer control their nuclear
armament
united states of america only
country in the world really applied
nuclear weapons in hiroshima and nagasaki and
the united states have no moral rights to
possession of nuclear weapons
the us power is desperately clinging to
elusive
from their hands power is capable of real
able to immerse the whole world from nuclear
wars we think that representatives
Russia on all official and
informal
levels need to be raised and
lobby for deprivation of the right
on nuclear weapons need to push
dismantling this weapon followed
transfer it under the control of civilized
reasonable countries of course I personally do not
so naive to think that the United States
gladly agree to this
to dismantle their nuclear weapons
but all the world
community for granted
Considers the fact that the United States has a nuclear
weapons must at least begin
create that information environment in
which is representative of usa constantly
will say that they are not entitled to
possession of nuclear weapons and need more
disarm security purposes of everything
of humanity and in this regard we created
a petition to be sent to
foreign ministry and in
Administration of the President of Russia in
which we require from our official
representatives
on the world on the world stage raise
voice the question of depriving us of the right to
nuclear weapons once again
I personally am not so naive as to think
that the United States will be happy to repair
its nuclear weapons and will not
cling to it to the end but create
information background create lift
this question needs to start
at least small and recent in the us
so long ago one joker organized a collection
signatures for applying preventive
nuclear strike on russia most
of americans
signed without thinking link to
You will find the petition in the video description.
spend two minutes of your precious
of time
participate in the information war
against evil threatening the whole world